WF-507:Dogfooding fixes (#7)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: docs/reference/server-worker-configuration.md

      "radius": 2
    }
  },
  "streamingQuery": [
    ...
  ],
  "componentDelivery": {
    "default": "RELIABLE_ORDERED",
    "checkoutAllInitially": true
  },
  "componentSettings": {
    ...
  },

>   "permissions": [

Reviewer: Same as client, don't think permissions is an array

Author: See comment above.

Author: Fixed.

| Field | Required/Optional | Description | 
| :------------- | :------------- | :------- |

> | `workerType` | Required | Used to identify this worker type elsewhere in your project. <br><br> **Note:** A `workerType` must be unique project-wide between server and client workers. The `workerType` specified in this field must also match the `workerType` that your worker reports in its `ConnectionParameters` when connecting to a deployment. For more infromation, see the [API reference](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/csharpsdk/api-reference#improbable-worker-connectionparameters-class). |

Reviewer 2: infromation -> information

Author: Fixed.

> | `workerType` | Required | Used to identify this worker type elsewhere in your project. <br><br> **Note:** A `workerType` must be unique project-wide between server and client workers. The `workerType` specified in this field must also match the `workerType` that your worker reports in its `ConnectionParameters` when connecting to a deployment. For more information, see the [API reference](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/csharpsdk/api-reference#improbable-worker-connectionparameters-class). |

Reviewer 3: Same comment as earlier about removing "between server and client workers" (if I've understood this correctly)

```suggestion
| `workerType` | Required | Used to identify this worker type elsewhere in your project. <br><br> **Note:** A `workerType` must be unique project-wide between server and client workers. The `workerType` specified in this field must also match the `workerType` that your worker instance reports in its `ConnectionParameters` when connecting to a deployment. For more information, see the [API reference](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/csharpsdk/api-reference#improbable-worker-connectionparameters-class). |
```

Author: Removed.

> |`layer`| Optional | The name of the simulation layer of this worker, used to determine the load balancing strategy. For more information, see [introduction to layers](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/layers#introduction-to-layers). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`layer`| Optional | The name of the simulation layer of this worker type, used to determine the load balancing strategy. For more information, see [Layers](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/layers). |
```

Author: Done.

| `streamingQuery` | Optional | Specifies the streaming queries the bridge will subscribe to. Analogous to [`streaming_query` in the previous configuration version](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/bridge-config#streaming-queries). |
| `componentDelivery` | Optional | Specifies the delivery settings for the worker's components. Analogous to [`component_delivery` in the previous configuration version](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/bridge-config#component-delivery). |
| `componentSettings` | Optional | Defines component specific settings. Analogous to [`component_settings` in the previous configuration version](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/bridge-config#component-settings). |
| `permissions` | Optional | Specifies the worker's entity permissions. Analogous to [`permissions` in the previous configuration version](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/permissions), with a difference that the permissions property here is a single permission object rather than an array. |

> | `launchConfiguration` | Required | Describes how the worker can be launched both locally and in the cloud. It contains two fields: <br><br> - `localDeployment`, which specifies how to start the worker from a pre-built binary file on the local machine. <br><br>  - `cloudDeployment`, which specifies how to start the worker from the deployment assembly that has been uploaded. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `launchConfiguration` | Required | Describes how to launch the worker both locally and in the cloud. It contains two fields: <br><br> - `localDeployment`, which specifies how to start the worker from a pre-built binary file on your local machine. <br><br>  - `cloudDeployment`, which specifies how to start the worker from the uploaded deployment assembly. |
```

Author: Done.

This is an example excerpt of a `localDeployment` section from the main config file:
```json
      "windows": {
        "localBuildDirectory": "bin/x64/ReleaseWindows",
        "command": "...",
        "arguments": [
          "..."
        ]
      },
      "macos": {
        "localBuildDirectory": "bin/x64/ReleaseMacOS",
        "command": "...",
        "arguments": [
          "..."
        ]
      },
      "linux": {
        "localBuildDirectory": "bin/x64/ReleaseLinux",
        "command": "...",
        "arguments": [
          "..."
        ]
      }
```

The platform name can be one of `windows`, `macos` or `linux`. Each of these can have the following fields:

| Field | Required/Optional | Description | 
| :------------- | :------------- | :------- |

> | `localBuildDirectory` | Required | The directory containing the binary to be executed. <br><br> **Note:** Your built out worker must be self-contained to the `localBuildDirectory` and all files that your worker might depend on while running must be present in this folder. Files outside of this folder will not be uploaded to the cloud as part of your project assembly. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `localBuildDirectory` | Required | The directory containing the binary to be executed. <br><br> **Note:** Your built-out worker must be self-contained in the `localBuildDirectory` and all files that your worker might depend on while running must be in this folder. Files outside this folder will not be uploaded to the cloud as part of your project assembly. |
```

| `command` | Required | The base command to be executed to start the worker. |

> | `arguments` | Required | A list of arguments to provide to the base command. The arguments can contain the same placeholder strings, like `{IMPROBABLE_RECEPTIONIST_HOST}`, which are interpolated by SpatialOS before the worker is launched. See our documentation on [worker launch configurations](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/launch-configuration) for more information. |

Reviewer 3: It might be my lack of context, but I'm not sure what "the same" refers to here - could you clarify?

Author: Yeah, this is unclear. I changed the sentence.

#### Cloud deployment configuration
The cloud deployment configuration specifies how to launch the worker in the cloud. It's the same as the local deployment configuration at the moment but will include additional fields in the future, allowing you to specify where the worker binaries are uploaded.

> Note: It rarely makes sense to specify a cloud deployment configuration for any platform other than `linux`, since workers are run in an Linux environment in the cloud.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to tell people when it does make sense to do this, or is it such an edge case that it's not worth going into detail about/people who need to know will already know?

Author: I can personally can't think of a use case where you would want to have non-linux cloud servers.
